I'm in a brand new project so simply an empty folder which I opened here in visual pseudocode.
And since I want to set up a node and express app here I will first of all make sure that this project
can be managed with the help of NPM with that tool that allows us to install third party dependency
centers on.
For that let's open up a new terminal which automatically is navigated into this project folder here.
This integrated terminal and let's run NPM in it's there as you learned.
This asks you a couple of questions which you can all answer with the default by hitting enter and it
will then generate this package started Jason File which will manage all the dependencies and which
allows you to register some scripts with that let's install some dependencies.
Specifically I want to install Express and body parser as production so as code dependencies with dash
dash save because I will use these dependencies in the code we write.
Let's install these packages so that we can set up an express app and can also parse the bodies of incoming
requests.
I will also install whenever a dependency with dash dash save dash def and that's Node 1.
This was this extra tool which makes sure that we automatically restart our server whenever we change
some server side code.
This simply speeds up the development process because we don't have to manually quit and restart the
server.
And with that I'll add a new file here I'll add app J.S. file you could name it server J.S. as we did
it in the refresher module here.
I will name it app yes it serves the same purpose.
It's our main entry file.
Therefore here in package dot Jason I will add a new script the start script and as a command there
I will use node mourn and point at the capture as file so that when we run NPM start node 1 we'll use
node to execute this aptly as file and it will also watch all files in this project directory and whenever
any file changes it will automatically restart the server at the moment.
Though there is no server to start because the aptly is file is totally empty of course.
So let's get started with that and let's set up a basic node express application there.